---
layout: post
title: JasDB v0.8 Release
description: JasDB v0.8 Release
modified: 2013-07-23
tags: [jasdb, news, release]
comments: false
---

It has been almost a year since we introduced the first version of JasDB. We have been hard at work delivering a spectacular new version. This release includes some great new features. These are some of the new capabilities you will have with JasDB 0.8:

* Android device support
* Run fully In memory, index and record stored in memory
* Fully integrated enterprise security and granting model
* OAuth 2.0 support
* Fully configurable JasDB extensions

Next to some of these great capabilities we have also made some solid improvements on existing functionality:

* Added SSL Support on the REST webservice
* Improved Index read and write performance up to 150%
* Improved API usages, adding methods for additional convenience
* Improved API documentation
* Improved index recovery times

We are also extremely proud to announce that we are open sourcing the core of our JasDB product. If you are a developer and want to help us take JasDB to the next level please check out our new developer page

Need support? File tickets on our Bitbucket issue tracker – we are really looking forward to hearing from you!

We have so much news to announce in this release that in the next few weeks we will be blogging about some of the new capabilities and focus areas for this JasDB release. For now we would like to invite you all to download the latest release of JasDB:

Get your download of v0.8 here: [JasDB v0.8](https://bitbucket.org/oberasoftware/jasdb_open/downloads/jasdb_0.8.zip)


For the download archive, please visit the Downloads page.
